Update production-setup.rst (#14424)
digital-asset/daml: docs/source/json-api/production-setup.rst

Production Setup
################

> The vast majority of prior documentation focused on ease of testing and on setting up the service to run in a dev environment. From a production perspective, given the wide variety of use-cases, there is far less of an established framework for the deployment of an *HTTP JSON API* server. In this document we will make some recommendations for production deployments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The majority of prior documentation focused on ease of testing and on setting up the service in a dev environment. From a production perspective, given the wide variety of use cases, there is far less of an established framework for the deployment of an *HTTP JSON API* server. In this document we will make some recommendations for production deployments.
```

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure we should remove "to run" 

removing "vast" and changing it to use case are good tho

Reviewer 3: @ShimonZerbib In general, please keep the newlines as is to avoid needless noise that makes the review more difficult. Those are effectively ignored by the documentation generator so there's not real reason to change them.

Reviewer: I'm not married to the idea of removing "to run", I always lean towards using the minimum number of words to express the idea but this is a style issue and not a right/wrong thing.

Author: I understand. If you're ok I'll keep the initial edit (admittedly a stylistic one). I do think "use-case" should be hyphenated though.

The *HTTP JSON API* server is a JVM application that by default uses an in-memory backend.

> This in-memory backend setup is inefficient for larger datasets as every query ends up fetching the entire active contract set for all the templates the query references. For this reason, for production setups, we recommend, at a mimumum, that one use a database as a query store. This will allow for a more efficient caching of data and will improve query performance. Details for enabling a query store are highlighted below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This in-memory backend setup is inefficient for larger datasets, as every query fetches the entire active contract set for all the templates the query references. For production setups, therefore, we recommend that one use a database as a query store. This allows more efficient caching of data and improves query performance. Details for enabling a query store are provided below.
```
The "at a minimum" phrasing implies that there is more that could be done - is there, and should we describe it here? If not I recommend dropping that phrase.

Reviewer 2: I'm ok with dropping at a minimum (if we don't plan to list what we really "at a maximum" would recommend. But I'd update the first sentence to: "This in-memory backend setup is inefficient for larger datasets, as every query fetches the entire active contract set for all of the templates the query references. "

Reviewer: Sounds good.

Consult your database vendor's JDBC driver documentation to learn how to specify a JDBC connection string that suits your needs.

> The ``start-mode`` is a custom parameter defined by the query store configuration itself which allows one to deal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``start-mode`` is a custom parameter, defined by the query store configuration itself, which allows one to deal
```

with the initialization and usage of the database which is backing the query store.

Depending on how you prefer to operate it, you can either choose to:

* run the *HTTP JSON API* server with ``start-mode=create-only`` with a user

>   that has exclusive table-creating rights that are required for the query store

Reviewer 2: I don't think we should add "the" as that implies that only one user can have these rights, when I believe it's a group of users, like "admins"

>   that has exclusive table-creating rights that are required for the query store

Reviewer: In that case, yes, leave as-is.

  to operate, and then start it once more with ``start-mode=start-only`` with a user
  that can use the aforementioned tables, but that cannot apply schema changes
* run the *HTTP JSON API* server with a user that can both create and use
  the query store tables by passing ``start-mode=create-and-start``

When restarting the *HTTP JSON API* server after a schema has already been
created, it's safe practice to always use ``start-mode=start-only``.

> .. note:: You can see the full list of query store configuration flags supported by running ``daml json-api --help``.

Reviewer 3: Active voice, good change, thanks! 👍🏻

Data Continuity
---------------

> The query store is a cache. This means that it's perfectly fine to drop it as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The query store is a cache. This means that it is perfectly fine to drop it, as
```

Finally we recommend using orchestration systems or load balancers which monitor the health of
the service and perform subsequent operations to ensure availability. These systems can use the
`healthcheck endpoints <https://docs.daml.com/json-api/index.html#healthcheck-endpoints>`__
provided by the *HTTP JSON API* server. This can also be tied into supporting an arbitrary
autoscaling implementation in order to ensure a minimum number of *HTTP JSON API* servers on
failures.

Set up the HTTP JSON API Service to work with Highly Available Participants
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

> In case the participant node itself is configured to be highly available, depending on the setup you may want

Reviewer 2: I don't know that we want to change the voice. We've been referring to the user setting this up until now, rather than giving the setups agency. I think it's stylistic though so whatever you prefer.

> In case the participant node itself is configured to be highly available, depending on the setup you may want

Reviewer: No harm in leaving it as is, this was another change intended to reduce length.

> to choose different approaches to connect to the participant nodes. In most setups, including those based on Canton,

Reviewer 2: I don't understand the edit. "you may want different approaches" doesn't imply an action. Perhaps "to try different approaches?" But I think the original "you may want different approaches" works too.

> to choose different approaches to connect to the participant nodes. In most setups, including those based on Canton,

Reviewer: I'm seeing the approach as the action, but it's fine to leave as-is.

you'll likely have an active participant node whose role can be taken over by a passive node in case the currently
active one drops. Just as for the *HTTP JSON API* itself, you can use orchestration systems or load balancers to
monitor the status of the participant nodes and have those point your (possibly highly-available) *HTTP JSON API*
nodes to the active participant node.

To learn how Canton can be run with high availability, and how to monitor it, refer to the :ref:`Canton documentation <ha_arch>`.

Logging
*******

The *HTTP JSON API* server uses the industry-standard Logback for logging. You can
read more about it in the `Logback documentation <http://logback.qos.ch/>`__.

The logging infrastructure leverages structured logging as implemented by the
`Logstash Logback Encoder <https://github.com/logstash/logstash-logback-encoder/blob/logstash-logback-encoder-6.3/README.md>`__.

Logged events should carry information about the request being served by the
*HTTP JSON API* server. This includes the details of the commands being submitted, the endpoints

> being hit, and the response received – highlighting details of failures if any.

Reviewer 2: agreed

When using a traditional logging target (e.g. standard output
or rotating files) this information will be part of the log description.

> Using a logging target compatible with the Logstash Logback Encoder allows one to have rich

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure about the removal of "using". You need to use [the target to] get logs.

> Using a logging target compatible with the Logstash Logback Encoder allows one to have rich

Reviewer: The previous sentence ("When using a traditional logging target...") mentions that the target needs to be used, so having the word "using" twice struck me as repetitive.

> Using a logging target compatible with the Logstash Logback Encoder allows one to have rich

Reviewer 2: Ah. You're right. I agree.
